Add protocols to RFXtrx doc (#21773)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/rfxtrx.markdown

## Supported protocols

Not all protocols as advertised are enabled on the initial setup of your transceiver. Enabling all protocols is not recommended either.

> If your 433.92 product is not showing in the logs, you may need to enable additional protocols. You can do this by configuring the device itself using [RFXmgmr](http://www.rfxcom.com/epages/78165469.sf/en_GB/?ViewObjectPath=%2FShops%2F78165469%2FCategories%2FDownloads) to enable the required protocol, or you can configure the device in Home Assistent by configurating the [Protocols](#protocols).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your 433.92 product is not showing in the logs, you may need to enable additional protocols. You can do this by configuring the device itself using [RFXmgmr](http://www.rfxcom.com/epages/78165469.sf/en_GB/?ViewObjectPath=%2FShops%2F78165469%2FCategories%2FDownloads) to enable the required protocol, or you can configure the device in Home Assistant by configuring the [Protocols](#protocols).
```
